Support JDK 20 (compiling and testing only) (#23887)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

TODO - File collections queried at configuration time are treated as configuration inputs.
TODO - File system repositories are fully supported including dynamic versions in Maven, Maven local, and Ivy repositories

### JVM

#### Added Support for using Java 20 via Toolchains

> Gradle now supports using Java 20 via [Toolchains](userguide/toolchains.html). Running Gradle on Java 20 is not yet supported.

Reviewer: The guidelines for this are:

- Set the context - what are we even talking about (don’t assume too much about what the user already knows)
- Express the problem or use case in the given context
- Explain how the new release addresses that problem or use case
- Provide build script snippet or screenshot illustrating the new feature, if applicable
- Link to the full documentation for more details 

Anything you can add to this for it to be more relatable?

Author: I moved this to the 8.1 release notes Google doc.

TODO - File collections queried at configuration time are treated as configuration inputs.
TODO - File system repositories are fully supported including dynamic versions in Maven, Maven local, and Ivy repositories

### JVM

> #### Added Support for using Java 20 via Toolchains
> 
> Gradle now supports using Java 20 via [Toolchains](userguide/toolchains.html). Running Gradle on Java 20 is not yet supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Support for compiling and testing with Java 20

Gradle now supports compiling, testing and running projects using Java 20.

Builds can be configured to use a Java 20 [toolchain](userguide/toolchains.html); however, running Gradle on Java 20 is not yet supported.
```
